Optimize tests compilation with `--exact` flag (#2569)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: CHANGELOG.md

- Short option for `--accounts-file` flag has been removed.
- Short option for `--contract-address` is now `-d` instead of `-a`.

> - Test performance has been optimized. When using a filter, only the matching tests are compiled. The summary no longer displays the number of filtered-out tests when running all tests. When a filter is applied, it now shows `other filtered out` rather than the previous `<n> filtered out`.

Author: This should be in forge section, not cast.

Also I'd reword it so it says that this optimized compilation only happens when filtering by name. Not in case you pass a `path::to::test` or `path::to::module::`

Reviewer: I reworded it to 
```
Test performance has been optimized - using filter and `--exact` flag will result in compilation of only the selected test.```
because (as we discussed) it will be optimized only with `--exact` flag.

#### Fixed
- `account delete` command: It is no longer necessary to provide the `--url` argument each time. Either the `--url` or `--network` argument must be provided, but not both, as they are mutually exclusive.

### Forge

#### Changed

> - Test performance has been optimized - using filter and `--exact` flag will result in compilation of only the selected test.

Author: ```suggestion
- When using test name filter with `--exact` flag, forge will try to compile only the selected test.
```

It's not 100% true that it will only compile this tests. In case there are multiple matches by name, we'll compile all of them before filtering.

Reviewer: Correct, it's because out false-positive approach, thanks for catching
